XMTP Frames Doc (#661)
xmtp/xmtp-dot-org: docs/build/frames.md

---
sidebar_label: Frames
sidebar_position: 12
description: Making Frames Interoperable
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

# XMTP Frames Integration Guide

> The XMTP community has been actively discussing and implementing ways to enhance user experience by supporting frames within XMTP applications. An effort in this direction is detailed in a community post [Supporting Frames in XMTP](https://community.xmtp.org/t/supporting-frames-in-xmtp/535).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XMTP community has been actively discussing and implementing ways to enhance our user experience by supporting frames within XMTP applications. An effort in this direction is detailed in a community post [Supporting Frames in XMTP](https://community.xmtp.org/t/supporting-frames-in-xmtp/535).
```

<video controls src="https://github.com/fabriguespe/xmtp-quickstart-frames/assets/1447073/48c305e8-0212-450b-9a00-b57acb8d14af" width="100%" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

_This video shows how its implemented in [xmtp.chat](https://xmtp.chat/inbox)_

## Introduction

> The XMTP Frames guide you're looking at is designed to help developers integrate XMTP frames into their applications. It covers both the use of protocol libraries, which enable the creation and handling of XMTP frames, and the practical aspects of rendering these frames within an application. Here's a breakdown to clarify the separation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This XMTP Frames guide is designed to help developers integrate XMTP frames into their applications. It covers both the use of protocol libraries, which enable the creation and handling of XMTP frames, and the practical aspects of rendering these frames within an application. Here's a breakdown to clarify the separation:
```

    }
    const handlePress = () => handleClick(index + 1);
        const buttonStyle = {
        ...styles.button,
        ...(index === 0 ? styles.firstButton : {}),
        ...(index === buttons.length - 1 ? styles.lastButton : {}),
        };
        return (
        <button
            key={`${button}-${index}`}
            onClick={handlePress}
            disabled={frameButtonUpdating === index + 1}
            style={buttonStyle}>
            {button.label}{" "}
            {button.action === "post_redirect" && (
            <span style={styles.redirectIcon}>↪</span>
            )}
        </button>
);
```

### Handling Clicks in the Frames

Clicks within the frame are handled by the `handleFrameButtonClick` function. This function determines the action to be taken based on the button clicked within the frame.

```jsx
  const handleFrameButtonClick = async (buttonNumber) => {
    if (!frameInfo) {
      return;
    }
    const actionType = frameInfo.buttons[buttonNumber - 1].action;
    console.log("Action type: ", actionType);
    console.log(frameInfo);

    const conversationTopic = message.conversationTopic;

    //Continue with Frames logic
    ...
```

> ### Sign XMTP Payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Signing the XMTP Payload
```

To conform with Validating/Getting/Rendering/Handling verbs from previous section titles.

To sign the XMTP payload for frame actions, the `FramesClient.signFrameAction` method is used. This method signs the action to be taken with the frame, such as posting back to the frame's URL.

```jsx
const xmtpClient = await Client.create(wallet);
const framesClient = new FramesClient(xmtpClient);
const payload = await framesClient.signFrameAction({
  frameUrl,
  buttonIndex: buttonNumber,
  conversationTopic,
  participantAccountAddresses: [peerAddress, xmtpClient.address],
});
console.log("Payload: ", payload);
```

> ### Handle Frame actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handling Frame actions
```
